hi guys its holy and this is the second
video diary of my return re and I just
wanted to keep this in memory because um
well I want to know it's tough team
favorite songs is hoot mayo okay so i'm
going to show you the top 10 pls of min
myself not my sauce that I made but
sauce I like okay I'll miss sheet of
paper and so it's like it says what top
10 songs okay so the first the 10 we go
on from the tent would be solo x is not
your best work is in my opinion hold
opinion okay no sorry guys camera oh my
camera doesn't work sometimes video
recorder for my video died anyways um
the night is walking in sunshine not my
best either not my favorite but my mom
wanted me to do that so she found out
that I was doing this anyways um the
eight would be behind these hazel eyes
by kelly clarkson like seriously you got
to be kidding me you've got to be
kidding me oh so weird the seventh is
walk away by also by kelly clarkson
and um and well it has some good rhythm
to it hey dub a six would be watching me
from shaking up a show that I want my
favorite it's um watch me there's even a
new version stuff so yeah definitely my
love is your drug by Keyshia but um it
wouldn't be the best because of people
and because I like beer but seriously
it's like she is talking to a hobo or
something like what and the fourth angel
what year the hell Rami ever-loving I
just wanted to show you how so annoying
when is it but yeah like what the heck
I'll got mess is the third was my first
kiss by 3 30 and she shows their feet
teacher and it's not the best thing that
matters laughing that's interesting and
then my first cake with a little like
this is like okay we've got people
anyways um the second is young for
everybody Ready Set which is a awesome
awesome song i suggest you you like you
listen to it something like that awesome
and the first song is our mothers is
love like woe oh yeah Oh watch boop it's
the best time at all it's my favorite
love like woe butter also by already set
so yeah little doodles but it's awesome
so guys to get all those songs
the common name subscribe down below and
I have an awesome summer this is the
second video diary a whole tide p yo
Charlie I'm good times I'm trying to
turn off these things are tight